README.md, before:

# OtripleS
Open Source Schooling System

[![.NET](https://github.com/hassanhabib/OtripleS/actions/workflows/dotnet.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/hassanhabib/OtripleS/actions/workflows/dotnet.yml)
[![BCH compliance](https://bettercodehub.com/edge/badge/hassanhabib/OtripleS?branch=master)](https://bettercodehub.com/)
[<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/chat-Teams-blueviolet" alt="Chat on Teams!">](https://teams.microsoft.com/join/nh8zj7qeaf3q)
[![The Standard - COMPLIANT](https://img.shields.io/badge/The_Standard-COMPLIANT-2ea44f)](https://github.com/hassanhabib/The-Standard)

This is an open source schooling system, dedicated to provide a better experience for schools needing a management and communication and tutoring system all in one place.
This project is aiming toward directing all the software development funds and hours to families in need, the idea of the project is to allow schools to use the system as long as the software funds in the school are directed towards financially disadvantaged families and students.


## Project Coding Standard
[The Standard](https://github.com/hassanhabib/The-Standard)

[C# Coding Standard](https://github.com/hassanhabib/CSharpCodingStandard)

## Project Updates
<img width=20 src="https://www.searchmarketingaustralia.com.au/wp-content/uploads/2017/10/original_images_YouTube.png" /> [OtripleS 001: Project Init & Student Model Conceptualization](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aq28Bw9vzgU)

<img width=20 src="https://www.searchmarketingaustralia.com.au/wp-content/uploads/2017/10/original_images_YouTube.png" /> [OtripleS 002: Student CRUD Operations](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pIlV8lms__I)

<img width=20 src="https://www.searchmarketingaustralia.com.au/wp-content/uploads/2017/10/original_images_YouTube.png" /> [OtripleS 003: Modifying Student Object End-to-End](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FLsHIDe3cNs)

<img width=20 src="https://www.searchmarketingaustralia.com.au/wp-content/uploads/2017/10/original_images_YouTube.png" /> [OtripleS 004: Get All Teachers Acceptance Tests & Course Model](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HS_dippx-To)

<img width=20 src="https://www.searchmarketingaustralia.com.au/wp-content/uploads/2017/10/original_images_YouTube.png" /> [OtripleS 005: Classroom & Assignments](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=un3d3N8TPiw)

<img width=20 src="https://www.searchmarketingaustralia.com.au/wp-content/uploads/2017/10/original_images_YouTube.png" /> [OtripleS 006: Building References and Relationships](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XoDwJ-dvhI0)

<img width=20 src="https://www.searchmarketingaustralia.com.au/wp-content/uploads/2017/10/original_images_YouTube.png" /> [OtripleS 007: Upgrading to .NET 5.0 RC](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ufjtuAel538)

<img width=20 src="https://www.searchmarketingaustralia.com.au/wp-content/uploads/2017/10/original_images_YouTube.png" /> [OtripleS 008: Upgrading to .NET 6.0 Preview 3](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=juyZCgF9g2E)

Commit message:

Documentations: Add Readme Badge Versioning
Also removes degraded badges BCH and Teams

README.md, after:

# OtripleS
Open Source Schooling System

[![.NET](https://github.com/hassanhabib/OtripleS/actions/workflows/dotnet.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/hassanhabib/OtripleS/actions/workflows/dotnet.yml)
[![The Standard - COMPLIANT](https://img.shields.io/badge/The_Standard-COMPLIANT-2ea44f?style=default)](https://github.com/hassanhabib/The-Standard)
[![The Standard](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/hassanhabib/The-Standard?filter=2.0.1&style=default&label=Standard%20Version&color=2ea44f)](https://github.com/hassanhabib/The-Standard/tree/2.0.1)
[![The Standard Community](https://img.shields.io/discord/934130100008538142?style=default&color=%237289da&label=The%20Standard%20Community&logo=Discord)](https://discord.gg/vdPZ7hS52X)


## Introduction
This is an open source schooling system, dedicated to provide a better experience for schools needing a management and communication and tutoring system all in one place.
This project is aiming toward directing all the software development funds and hours to families in need, the idea of the project is to allow schools to use the system as long as the software funds in the school are directed towards financially disadvantaged families and students.

## Project Coding Standards
[The Standard](https://github.com/hassanhabib/The-Standard)

[C# Coding Standard](https://github.com/hassanhabib/CSharpCodingStandard)

Standard-Compliance

This library was built according to The Standard. The library follows engineering principles, patterns and tooling as recommended by The Standard.

This library is also a community effort which involved many nights of pair-programming, test-driven development and in-depth exploration research and design discussions.

## Project Updates
<img width=20 src="https://www.searchmarketingaustralia.com.au/wp-content/uploads/2017/10/original_images_YouTube.png" /> [OtripleS 001: Project Init & Student Model Conceptualization](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aq28Bw9vzgU)

<img width=20 src="https://www.searchmarketingaustralia.com.au/wp-content/uploads/2017/10/original_images_YouTube.png" /> [OtripleS 002: Student CRUD Operations](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pIlV8lms__I)

<img width=20 src="https://www.searchmarketingaustralia.com.au/wp-content/uploads/2017/10/original_images_YouTube.png" /> [OtripleS 003: Modifying Student Object End-to-End](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FLsHIDe3cNs)

<img width=20 src="https://www.searchmarketingaustralia.com.au/wp-content/uploads/2017/10/original_images_YouTube.png" /> [OtripleS 004: Get All Teachers Acceptance Tests & Course Model](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HS_dippx-To)

<img width=20 src="https://www.searchmarketingaustralia.com.au/wp-content/uploads/2017/10/original_images_YouTube.png" /> [OtripleS 005: Classroom & Assignments](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=un3d3N8TPiw)

<img width=20 src="https://www.searchmarketingaustralia.com.au/wp-content/uploads/2017/10/original_images_YouTube.png" /> [OtripleS 006: Building References and Relationships](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XoDwJ-dvhI0)

<img width=20 src="https://www.searchmarketingaustralia.com.au/wp-content/uploads/2017/10/original_images_YouTube.png" /> [OtripleS 007: Upgrading to .NET 5.0 RC](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ufjtuAel538)

<img width=20 src="https://www.searchmarketingaustralia.com.au/wp-content/uploads/2017/10/original_images_YouTube.png" /> [OtripleS 008: Upgrading to .NET 6.0 Preview 3](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=juyZCgF9g2E)
